Feat+version (#752)
nojhan/liquidprompt: docs/functions/util.rst

   This function will do nothing if :attr:`LP_ENABLE_TITLE` is disabled.

.. function:: _lp_version_greatereq([major, [minor, [patch, [string, [number]]]]])

>    Returns true (0) if Liquid Prompt version is greater than or equal to the the given version.

Reviewer: Line too long.

   Returns 1 (false) if there is a *minor* or less version difference,
   and 2 (false) if it is a *major* difference.

   See also :func:`_lp_version_string`.

   .. warning:: This only supports the following strings: "alpha", "beta" and "rc".

   .. versionadded:: 2.2

.. function:: _lp_version_string([major, [minor, [patch, [string, [number]]]]]) -> var:lp_version

   Formats the given version number in a version string of the form:

>    "${major}.${minor}.${patch}-${string}-${number}"

Reviewer: Semantic versioning allows for either, but I have been formatting the version with a period, as `${string}.${number}`, not with a hyphen. So `alpha.1`. Might as well be consistent.

Author: Should we keep the hyphen between patch and string?

Reviewer: Yes, that is required by Semantic versioning, and what I have been doing. See tag [v2.1.0-rc.1](https://github.com/nojhan/liquidprompt/tree/v2.1.0-rc.1) for example.

   This function will do nothing if :attr:`LP_ENABLE_TITLE` is disabled.

> .. function:: _lp_version_greatereq([major, [minor, [patch, [string, [number]]]]])

Reviewer: This signature does not match the inline docs and code. Major and minor are not optional.

```suggestion
.. function:: _lp_version_string(major, minor, [patch, [string, [number]]]) -> var:lp_version
```

Author: Your diff is ambiguous. I corrected `_lp_version_greatereq`, but for `_lp_version_string`, all parametert are optional (to allow for collecting the current version string).

   Returns true (0) if Liquid Prompt version is greater than
   or equal to the the given version.
   Returns 1 (false) if there is a *minor* or less version difference,
   and 2 (false) if it is a *major* difference.

   See also :func:`_lp_version_string`.

>    .. warning:: This only supports the following strings: "alpha", "beta" and "rc".

Reviewer: Clearer meaning
```suggestion
   .. warning:: This only supports the following input values for `string`: "alpha", "beta" and "rc".
```
